Add ``Beatmap Spotlights: Summer 2025`` news post (#13632)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-08-22-beatmap-spotlights-summer-2025.md

---
layout: post
title: "Beatmap Spotlights: Summer 2025"
date: 2025-08-22 18:00:00 +0000
---

> Beatmap Spotlights are back for Summer 2025 Season! Check out the fresh selection of beatmaps and compete for highest placement in the seasonal rankings!

Reviewer: back for **the** Summer 2025 Season!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-08-22-beatmap-spotlights-summer-2025/banner.jpg)

> Even though it's August already, the sun is still burning outside brightly so what else there's to enjoy other than a full sweat-on run through best beatmaps of last months, carefully selected by a designated Beatmap Spotlights Curators team!

Reviewer: sun is still burning **brightly outside**
or
sun is still **outside burning** brightly

what else **is there** to enjoy

through **the** best beatmaps of **the** last **few** months

Beatmap Spotlights Curator team
or
team of Beatmap Spotlights Curators

> ## How do I participate in Beatmap Spotlights League? {id=how-to-participate}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How do I participate in the Beatmap Spotlights League? {id=how-to-participate}
```

> To participate in Beatmap Spotlights, grab yourself the latest version of the [osu!(lazer) client](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/download).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To be able to participate in the Beatmap Spotlights playlists, grab yourself the latest version of the [osu!(lazer) client](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/download).
```

> Once you're done installing and logging into your account, head over to the `playlists` tab in the `play` section and find the Beatmap Spotlights lobbies, denoted by a little green `Spotlights` indicator. You can also toggle the filter to show only Beatmap Spotlight playlists in the top-right corner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you're done installing and after logging into your account, head over to the `Playlists` tab in the `Play` section and find the Beatmap Spotlights lobbies, denoted by a little green `Spotlights` indicator. You can also toggle the filter to show only Beatmap Spotlight playlists in the top-right corner.
```

Author: lazer actually uses lowercase for playlists and play

Changing game modes is as simple as clicking one of the four mode icons at the top left of your screen — and it'll be whatever game mode you played last on osu!(lazer) by default.

> Once you submitted a play on any of the beatmaps featured in the playlist, you will be able to check your placement in the seasonal rankings, as well as enjoy your shiny assigned division badge on the top of your user profile.

Reviewer: Once you **have** submitted

- [AKI - Color of Happiness (Garden) \[Insane\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2250158#osu/4785277), suggested by [Lefafel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2295850)
- [Tedjimo yomigY - JezoensiS (Pisapou) \[Nozuchi's insanE\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2272348#osu/4879429), suggested by [Riot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4256461)
- [orion sun - antidote (jamesjan3) \[wherever\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2154716#osu/4541319), suggested by [Boolin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10664409)
- [PUP - Bloody Mary, Kate and Ashley (table tennis) \[Illusion\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1938104#osu/4922783), suggested by [Boolin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10664409)
- [ELECTROCUTICA feat. EVO+ - Moon Seeker (Lulu-) \[Lulu x Bonzi - Pulsation\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1235544#osu/2568398), suggested by [Boolin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10664409)
- [Peter Gabriel - Big Time (Mismagius) \[Larger Than Life\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2139563#osu/4503012), suggested by [Lefafel](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2295850)
- [Kagetora. - Tenchi-Kaibyaku (Arsalan) \[acnozei's extra\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2265132#osu/4851947), suggested by [Riot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4256461)

> ### ![](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) osu!taiko (lead by [Yasuho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8458835))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### ![](/wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png) osu!taiko (led by [Yasuho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8458835))
```

> #### Beatmap of the Season — Curators' Pick

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Beatmap of the Season - Curators' Pick
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-08-22-beatmap-spotlights-summer-2025/2347284.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2347284#osu/5048624)

**[Supire - Dead Aire (Jayceko) \[Nwolf's & Jayceko's Inherited Misfortune\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2347284#osu/5048624)**, created by [Jayceko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19951350) and [Nwolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1910766)\
*primarily suggested by [nevqr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14269506)*\
*described by [Yasuho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8458835)*

> Let's all take a well needed breather and go back to one of the greatest maps the osu!taiko World Cup 2025 had to offer. Of course, we are talking about [Supire - Dead Aire](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2347284#taiko/5048624) mapped by [Jayceko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19951350) and [Nwolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1910766), this year's Quarterfinals Tiebreaker.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Let's all take a well-needed breather and go back to one of the greatest maps the [osu!taiko World Cup 2025](/wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2025) had to offer. Of course, we are talking about [Supire - Dead Aire](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2347284#taiko/5048624) mapped by [Jayceko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19951350) and [Nwolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1910766), this year's Quarterfinals tiebreaker.
```

> Amazing design and song meets beatmapping extraordinaire — a collab we didn't know we needed. The techy mapping style is greatly supported by this song's neurofunk atmosphere. From start to finish, players receive plenty of difficult snapping and slider velocity changes and a custom song experience that can very easily cause goosebumps. Also turn on the storyboard, made by [binarie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15632854) for the full experience.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Amazing design and song meets beatmapping extraordinaire — a collab we didn't know we needed. The techy mapping style is greatly supported by this song's neurofunk atmosphere. From start to finish, players receive plenty of difficult snapping and slider velocity changes and a custom song experience that can very easily cause goosebumps. Also remember to turn on the storyboard by [binarie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15632854) for the full experience.
```

- [Rahatt - Dirty Doll (ndrrr) \[ulko's Oni\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2087957#osu/4566657), suggested by [uone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5321719)
- [Marmalade butcher - Amanita (Eltigant) \[Oni\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2270594#osu/4836220), suggested by [Boaz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13302996)
- [Kocchi no Kento - Hai Yorokonde (Magens Remix) feat. Hatsune Miku (Hivie) \[Overdose!\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2298691#osu/4911448), suggested by [nevqr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14269506)
- [BiSH - innocent arrogance (tv size) (radar) \[heaven\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1978565#osu/4107670), suggested by [Boaz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13302996)
- [Kitsune^2 - Free (\_gt) \[Fly\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2308735#osu/4938721), suggested by [nevqr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14269506)
- [Supire - Dead Aire (Jayceko) \[Nwolf's & Jayceko's Inherited Misfortune\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2347284#osu/5048624), suggested by [nevqr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14269506)

> ### ![](/wiki/shared/mode/catch.png) osu!catch (lead by [SadEgg](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10278243))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### ![](/wiki/shared/mode/catch.png) osu!catch (led by [SadEgg](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10278243))
```

> #### Beatmap of the Season — Curators' Pick

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Beatmap of the Season - Curators' Pick
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-08-22-beatmap-spotlights-summer-2025/2281583.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281583#osu/4879141)

**[IOSYS - Chanteikku Sanyousei no Itazura Daisensou (Spectator) \[Rocma's Rain\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281583#osu/4879141)**, created by [Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276)\
*primarily suggested and described by [Morusya](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13681464)*

> Summer is coming up to be a plenteous one for osu!catch. And what could be better to kick off the season than everyone's favourite IOSYS? Of course, a [Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276) map to boot!

Reviewer 3: summer months are ending, not coming up (at least in the northern hemisphere)

```suggestion
Summer looks to have been a plenteous one for osu!catch. And what could be better to kick off the seasonal spotlights with than everyone's favourite IOSYS? Of course, a [Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276) map to boot!
```

Rocma, better known by their complex and technical maps, continues to surprise us once again, this time in the minimalist area. Their map for [Chanteikku Sanyousei no Itazura Daisensou](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281583#fruits/4879141) is an excellent demonstration of how even with a simplistic approach, one can create a rather interesting and fun map. The unusual usage of playfield and standstills create an exciting experience for fans of reading and control maps that you don't want to miss!

> This rain is sure to appeal to both new players who are just learning osu!catch and Spotlights veterans who can demonstrate their high level of play with additional modifications!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This Rain difficulty is sure to appeal to both new players who are just learning osu!catch and Spotlights veterans who can demonstrate their high level of play with additional mods!
```

- [-45 - System Zero (skill issue lol) \[2zz's Rain\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1984907#osu/4566061), suggested by [Morusya](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13681464)
- [IOSYS - Chanteikku Sanyousei no Itazura Daisensou (Spectator) \[Rocma's Rain\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2281583#osu/4879141), suggested by [Morusya](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13681464)
- [Azuna Riko - Katachi (TV Size) (Mniam) \[Faputa (CV: Mniam)\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1925863#osu/3976666), suggested by [Phob](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6069462)
- [Sasuke Haraguchi feat. Kasane Teto - Igaku (Spectator) \[Overdose\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2230485#osu/4733442), suggested by [Morusya](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13681464)
- [cassie - me & u (succducc bootleg) (Spectator) \[us\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1281611#osu/2662017), suggested by [Morusya](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13681464)
- [roer - ViLLAGE OF CHRYSANTHEMUM (Morusya) \[Chrysanth Haven\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2257774#osu/4804041), suggested by [SadEgg](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10278243)

> ### ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania (lead by [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### ![](/wiki/shared/mode/mania.png) osu!mania (led by [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785))
```

> #### Beatmap of the Season — Curators' Pick

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Beatmap of the Season - Curators' Pick
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-08-22-beatmap-spotlights-summer-2025/2203489.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2203489#osu/4793111)

**[technoplanet - Vomit (\_Stan) \[\[7K\] Blocko's Cascade\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2203489#osu/4793111)**, created by [Blocko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4075092)\
*primarily suggested and described by [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785)*

> This season, we are thrilled to unveil a remarkable osu!original created exclusively for the 7K World Cup 2024. Composed by the talented technoplanet and brought to life through the expert mapping of Blocko, one of the community’s finest 7K mappers, this masterpiece stands proudly as our Beatmap of the Season.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This season, we are thrilled to unveil a remarkable osu!original created exclusively for the osu!mania 7K World Cup 2024. Composed by the talented [technoplanet](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/193) and brought to life through the expert mapping of [Blocko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4075092), one of the community’s finest 7K mappers, this masterpiece stands proudly as our Beatmap of the Season.
```

> This season, we are thrilled to unveil a remarkable osu!original created exclusively for the 7K World Cup 2024. Composed by the talented technoplanet and brought to life through the expert mapping of Blocko, one of the community’s finest 7K mappers, this masterpiece stands proudly as our Beatmap of the Season.

Reviewer 3: did not debut here so "unveiling" an osu! original doesn't make sense

```suggestion
This season, we are thrilled to highlight a remarkable [osu! original](/wiki/Community/Bespoke_music) created exclusively for the [osu!mania 7K World Cup 2024](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2024_7K). Composed by the talented [technoplanet](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/193) and brought to life through the expert mapping of [Blocko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4075092), one of the community’s finest 7K mappers, this masterpiece stands proudly as our Beatmap of the Season.
```

> Prepare for an unforgettable challenge! This chart delivers a perfect harmony of rice and long notes, combined with unconventional, high-intensity patterns that will keep players engaged from the very first note. It demands physical precision, technical mastery, and impeccable coordination. A true test for anyone aiming to conquer its most intricate sections. As the music builds toward its epic final climax, the map transforms into an immersive journey, each note meticulously emphasizing the song’s story and emotional progression.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Prepare for an unforgettable challenge! This chart delivers a perfect harmony of rice and long notes, combined with unconventional, high-intensity patterns that will keep players engaged from the very first note. It demands physical precision, technical mastery, and impeccable coordination. A true test for anyone aiming to conquer its most intricate sections. As the music builds toward its epic final climax, the map transforms into an immersive journey, each note meticulously emphasizing the song's story and emotional progression.
```

> We are beyond excited to present this beatmap as the highlight of the season, confident that it will deliver an unparalleled gameplay experience. Join us in celebrating this original creation, and show your support for both the map and its stunning soundtrack, crafted exclusively for osu!

Reviewer 3: styling criteria thing

```suggestion
We are beyond excited to present this beatmap as the highlight of the season, confident that it will deliver an unparalleled gameplay experience. Join us in celebrating this original creation, and show your support for both the map and its stunning soundtrack, crafted exclusively for osu!.
```

- [Yuta Imai vs. Qlarabelle - ALTER EGO (Murumoo) \[\[4K\] Beyond\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2223694#osu/4789446), suggested by [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785)
- [Emma Stone, Callie Hernandez, Sonoya Mizuno, Jessica Rothe - Someone In The Crowd (AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH) \[\[4K\] Soulmate\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1412093#osu/2910941), suggested by [Carpihat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10085090)
- [STEAKA - Medic: A Doll (oTipa) \[\[4K\] Fantastical / VOID\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2299672#osu/4913933), suggested by [Crumpey](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3518705)
- [Kou! - sub/zerO (Ppass) \[\[4K\] Absolute Zero\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2210057#osu/4681207), suggested by [Ilham](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3057154)
- [Sound piercer & ginkiha (feat. Yuzuha & NeLiME) - MI:LIGHT CONNECT (Hoshimegu Mio) \[\[7K\] Extra\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2259046#osu/4807368), suggested by [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785)
- [technoplanet - Vomit (\_Stan) \[\[7K\] Blocko's Cascade\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2203489#osu/4793111), suggested by [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785)

> ## Spring Season 2025 Beatmap of the Season — Players' Pick

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Spring Season 2025 Beatmap of the Season - Players' Pick
```

> Enjoyed the last, Spring 2025 season? Be sure to give your vote on best beatmap featured on its playlists!

Reviewer: give your vote **to the** best beatmap featured **in** its playlists!

> Enjoyed the last, Spring 2025 season? Be sure to give your vote on best beatmap featured on its playlists!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enjoyed the last Spring 2025 season? Don't forget to vote for your favorite beatmap that was featured on this playlist!
```
No need for that comma. Also fixed grammar.

Reviewer: since the voting has 3 votes per person, I think beatmaps should be plural here. similarly playlists in plural since there were 3 playlists in the spring season

Reviewer 2: Yeahhh true that. Worked that into my suggestion, thanks!

> Enjoyed the last, Spring 2025 season? Be sure to give your vote on best beatmap featured on its playlists!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Enjoyed the last season of spring 2025? Be sure to give your vote on best beatmap featured on its playlists!
```

> Winners of each contest will be rewarded with *3 months of osu! supporter gift*, so spend your three votes wisely!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Winners of each contest will be rewarded with *3 months of osu!supporter*, so spend your three votes wisely!
```

> Check out contest pages for each of the gamemodes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Check out contest pages for each game mode:
```

- [osu!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/256)
- [osu!taiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/257)
- [osu!catch](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/258)
- [osu!mania](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/259)

## Inside the Spotlights Team

> Following up on recent Beatmap Spotlights Curators applications, there's been some shuffling around in terms of the team memberships.

Reviewer 3: again, generally when a noun modifies another, it doesn't take the plural S

```suggestion
Following up on recent Beatmap Spotlight Curator applications, there's been some shuffling around in terms of the team memberships.
```

> We'd like to give a warm welcome to the new members, who all joined in to help with beatmap spotlighting services during nomination and voting phases for respective gamemodes, staring this very season:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We’d like to give a warm welcome to the new members joining us this season. They will support the existing Curators team in crafting the best playlists for you to compete on! 
```
the original sentence reads weird and i would suggest a more natural approach to the introduction.

> We'd like to give a warm welcome to the new members, who all joined in to help with beatmap spotlighting services during nomination and voting phases for respective gamemodes, staring this very season:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We'd like to give a warm welcome to the new members, who all joined in to help with beatmap spotlighting services during nomination and voting phases for the respective game modes, starring this very season:
```

> - **osu!**: [Chaoslitz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3621552), [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875) [Willy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3521482), [Wispy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11106929), [zekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9704802)

Reviewer: I believe Boolin (https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10664409) and nanoya (https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12366071) also belong on this list, they joined a bit earlier but still after the last time we gave a public update about the team

Reviewer 2: Agree.

- **osu!taiko**: [nevqr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14269506), [Yasuho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8458835)
- **osu!catch**: [Constantine](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3221898), [Realmaas](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6567640)
- **osu!mania**: [Akasha-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2596306), [Muse Dash](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13695676), [Rurvker](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/24526335), [Spy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1217122)

> We would also like to say farewell to the following users that decided to step down from the team: [Boaz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13302996), [DeviousPanda](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4966334), [enri](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8640970), [Hivie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976), [meiqth](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12565402), [sularis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14571181). Big thanks for your service!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We would also like to say farewell to the following people who decided to step down from the team: [Boaz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13302996), [DeviousPanda](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4966334), [enri](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8640970), [Hivie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976), [meiqth](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12565402) and [sularis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14571181). Big thanks for your service!
```

> This season, [Yasuho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8458835) also took over the osu!taiko curators, while [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785) started the lead the osu!mania team.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This season, [Yasuho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8458835) also took over the osu!taiko curators, while [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785) has started taking the reins with leading the osu!mania team.
```

---

> Join in [osu! Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/ppy), and head over at `#osu-spotlights` to talk about everything related to Beatmap Spotlights. You can also opt-in to receive updates about seasons, playlists, and general announcements by assigning yourself the appropriate ping role in the `#welcome` channel.

Reviewer: Join **the** [osu! Discord server] and head over **to** '#osu-spotlights'

> Join in [osu! Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/ppy), and head over at `#osu-spotlights` to talk about everything related to Beatmap Spotlights. You can also opt-in to receive updates about seasons, playlists, and general announcements by assigning yourself the appropriate ping role in the `#welcome` channel.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Join the [osu! Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/ppy) and head over to `#osu-spotlights` to talk about everything related to Beatmap Spotlights. You can also opt in to receive updates about seasons, playlists, and general announcements by assigning yourself the appropriate ping role in the `#welcome` channel. You can also find out more about the [Beatmap Spotlights](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights) on the osu! wiki.
```

> Find out more about the [Beatmap Spotlights](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights) on the osu! wiki.

Reviewer 3: no send-off?

```suggestion
See you in the playlist lobbies!
```
